hey I've been testing your app and the buttons on the right are so crowded that I always end up accidentally swapping my weapon or firing my frags - also it makes it really hard to pan around with the camera on that side as well - I could be being very picky tho - I'm a hardcore COD player so controls are important to me.
it has a control problem
I mean, is very hard to aim
9:20 PM
maybe if you put the fire button inn the middle and the aim function on the right side... dont know...
the game is enjoyable.

There few thoughts I had since I played it ... I wil i will share them with you. As its similar with something I built in one of my app.. using Claude
As a note when you go to 2nd floor in the middle and the enemy get stuck in the corner by the steps.

When you get close to the edge you get hit and die even you far away from them high

I tested your app , The mecanics are pretty solid , However , There needs to be a reconstructions of the controls , as there quite a lot of buttons , and firing / aiming is quite difficult , especially when we want to shoot and aim , sometimes you hit other buttons , which is undesired behavior :)
Image
Also i would love to hear some loud bullet sounds that make the gun punchier
also maybe make the UI a bit smaller , since it takes quite a large chunk of the screen and you have a lot less of the actual game
also an aim assist is quite important for shooter mobile games , so maybe add that too
9:14 PM
Sorry if that was too much talking , just giving feedback on improving your shooter game ;)

I've been playing the game for two days and I'm extremely hooked; I'm starting to improve. I just wanted to give some feedback: I think all the buttons at the top of the screen are too big. It would be great if the player could customize them in the settings. I keep accidentally clicking "crunch" when trying to move, and every time I try to move the camera, I accidentally press "swap" and "frag". These things are driving me crazy in the game. I would be very grateful if you would take my feedback into consideration, thank you. By the way, the game is extremely fun and great, well done!
1:09 PM
By the way, as someone who was paralyzed during the crisis, I really enjoyed the stairs.

One thing I ran into was that sometimes the enemy would be stuck behind a wall while trying to get to me. They try to come in the shortest path making them stuck.

Good game bro. The mechanics are excellent.
There's only one problem: it doesn't cover the whole screen. As you can see, the top tab is visible.
7:31 PM
Also, which engine did you use to develop the game? Or is it web-based?